Once upon a time, three cryosleep soldiers from an ancient time crashland in the outer Rim. They start their own colony with blood sweat and tears as they went out their way to do what was right and were called "The Shepherds". 
	
Their colony starts to grow, famously known to the inhabitants as do-gooders that help bring law and order to this forsaken place. Two of the original crashland survivors marry and they live happily ever after. All factions apart from pirates were at a truce with the presence of The Shepherds, rough outlanders put their weapons down for the first time and gave peace a chance. The story sadly doesn't end there.

One day the leader of The Shepherds, Mrs. Goodwill, is the first casualty during a Mechanoid attack on their main base, a charge lance shreds through her brain. Second in command calls for tribal and outlander assistance but to no avail. The Shepherds' settlements were hit by multiple Pirate bands during this opportunity, believing they wouldn't survive the Mechanoid onslaught on their main base. It was a terrible day full of trouble and lack of support. The new leader found it very difficult to forgive and forget. After rallying the last of The Shepherds, the mechanoid invasion was put down while over half of their settlements failed to defend against the organized pirate offensive. Goodwill is buried among the many lost soldiers of The Shepherds in the ruins of their main base to this day.

Under new management, Umbra Company was born. For 12 months, caravans stop reaching their destinations for both tribal and outlander unions. Item stashes ransacked and guard outposts torched with no survivors. Blaming each other in confusion the outlander union split in two and returned to warring one another. Meanwhile as their enemies weakened, Umbra Company outgrew their own name and changed from a company size of 80-150 to a regiment size of a strong 1000-2000 with plenty of their operators working in foreign worlds that are rich in conflict, rogue organizations and desparate nations offering funding for wetwork.

With a blank cheque from their sources, Umbra Company has their own line of Infantry Fighting Vehicles, Main Battle Tanks, body armor and fire arms from ancient blueprints that are provided to them at near bottomless supply.

Their boss hasn't forgotten about the past, in fact it is what his private military was made for, and the only thing left he lives for.