ID: Features
Title: Features
Icon: Things/Borg/Items/Borg_Icon
Description: Highlights!
Background: Things/Wiki/borg-cube
ENDTAGS

#A completely different basic game experience! We are Borg. We do not grow rice. We do not care about Kings and titles. We assimilate all advanced life in order to add its technological and biological distinctiveness to our own.
- Nothing is more important to the Borg than the assimilation of life and technology. You can assimilate organic and inorganic items into the collective. The best things to assimilate are prisoners and gear.
- You are force to be reckoned with. You can assimilate passing caravans and visitors in order to gain strength. Soon you are ready to assimilate tribal settlements in a full-on assault.
- It’s nice to be mobile. The Borg are an advanced spacefaring race. You have immediate access to powerful vehicles for moving around the map and assimilating your foes. You also have early access to spaceship parts if you want to move your entire base into orbit!
- Time well spent. The Borg do not need to research new technologies. We have up-to-date access to the full knowledge-base of the collective. You can focus your time on assimilation!#

#We are Borg. We do not need recreation, or outside, or mood. Borg drones will stand in our alcoves until we are needed. Borg drones are interchangeable with one another. When individual drones die then our bodies are reclaimed and processed back into the collective. We reproduce ourselves by assimilating living human-likes. Every Borg is equipped with a short-range disrupter on the dominant arm. We can be upgraded to survive in the vacuum of space. We are perfect expendable soldiers. #

#Weapons, gear, and vehicles! All Borg drones have a short-range rifle attached to the arm that can be upgraded. There is also Borg armor and adaptive shield belts. Borg also use powerful turrets and grenade launchers that absolutely devastate groups of enemies. We also have access to the Borg Sphere, which is a multipurpose Borg-specific transport shuttle.#
$Things/Wiki/BorgPawn2$
#Mod compatibility. We are Borg. We assimilate the technological distinctiveness of other mods into our own. Mods unsuitable for assimilation will be added to the required list.#

#So many possibilities. There is much more to the Borg. In the future we would like to bring in more features such as a Borg queen and nanites and more!#
