V1.2 - Content
Reduced mining speed by 0.25 (1.25 > 1)
Reduced shooting accuracy by 0.15 (1.25 > 1.1)
Reduced global workspeed by 0.05 (1.25 > 1.2)
Syntho can now be upset that they are naked.
Syntho are now (mostly) immune to old age effects gained though birthday events. Can still generate with them though.
"Vat grown person' changed to "Vatgrown person".
Passion supersaturation has been fixed. To solve this, "Vatgrown person" was separated into 78 different childhoods. This means every syntho is less impressive in general, but specialized leading to more interesting pawns.
Added four new "vatgrown failure" childhoods. Due to the massive amount of childhoods, these are rare.
Added nine new adulthood backstories
Increased scenario starting meals to 152. This gives you 20-30 days to get some enargo grown. 
Glitter Coat and Bodysuit can now be crafted with all cloths, leathers, and metals. Let your inner fashionista shine!
Glitter Pistol can now be made out of all metals
GPistol component cost reduced by 5 (10 > 5)
Added Glitter Rifle. Made of all metals. Slightly stronger than the assault rifle, but only two shot burst. Accurate at long range, not so much up close. 
Fixed EPOE and RBSE not working properly.
"VR camgirl" changed to "VR pornstar" because I can't get it to stop spawning on males.
Updated weapon textures. Thanks Neil!

1.2.1
Fixed meals being 150 instead of 152
Fixed starting glitter pistol in the scenario being made of null

1.3 - Options
Syntho can now use all vanilla hairs.
Added syntho alternatives.(Gazelle/Cow) complete with biome patch to spawn them where needed. 
Enargo growable by all
Enargo Meal changed to Simple Enargo Meal. Gluttonous Joy reduced by 0.10 (0.25 > 0.15) Cost to produce reduced by 0.2 (0.8 > 0.6) Now producable with mini-enargo. Price reduced by 5 (30 > 25)
Lavish Enargo Meal added. Made with Enargo, Mini Enargo and Liquid Enargo.
New Enargo types added. Mini and Liquid. Made with help from E-Gazelle and E-Cow. Edible but not as helpful as Enargo.
Adjusted starting scenario to include an E-Gazelle, won't help immediately but should give a small reduction to the stress of getting your first enargo harvest.
Added Enargo Blender to convert unused food into Enargo Paste. It's inefficent (input is 1.0 nutrients and output is a meal with 0.8n) but it's fast and useful for people who obtain a Syntho colonist late game.

1.4 - Regrowth
Enargo has an immature texture now
Syntho Refugees can spawn with cheap weapons
Upped melee weapon damage and cooldowntime to be more in line with new vanilla numbers
Fixed bodysuit female south texture having "- copy" in the name. Can't believe no one noticed that since april.
Removed 3 hairs that I always hated
Removed E-Cow
Removed liquid enargo
Doubled E-Gazelle yeild
Doubled MiniEnargo cost in lavish meals
Enargo Generator now requires at least construction 8 to build
E-Generator capacity decreased by 120. (150 > 30)
E-Generator consumption rate decreased by 10. (25 > 15)
Glitterrifle and pistol now need enargo to make
Added researches
Added growing of syntho
Locked enargo behind a cheap research that syntho start with
Locked glitter guns behind research
Locked knives and sword behind research
Bodysuit now insulates very slightly against heat while the overcoat insulates cold and removes heat insulation.
E-Gazelle changed to S-Gazelle. Sounds better.
Updated Descriptions for near everything
Enargo rots after 16 days.
Blender research
Clothing research
Generator research
Humans hate enargo now. They can technically still eat it but will avoid it at all costs.
New generator texture
Updated gazelle texture
Cleaned up file structure
New enargo texture
Enargo uses stackcount
New meal textures
Meals use stackcount
Updated meal descriptions
New parts textures
Blender texture remade
Fixed backgrounds to use PAWN_nameDef
Changed most backstories to use Exo instead of E- to reduce confusion of Enargo and Exonet.
Added 11 new backstories
Added forcedtraits to more backstories
Syntho can do drugs and be addicted again
Adultbackstory point allocation pool raised by two points. (6 > 8)
Fixed mispelling of experiment in the medical experiment backstory

1.4.1
Fixed mispelling of "an" in the Blackmarket Gunsmith backstory.
ChildBackstory point allocation pool raised by two points. (6 > 8)
Removed reference to generator using mini-enargo leftover from beta.

1.4.2
Skin pile recipe ingredients and products multiplied by ten, work amount multiplied by five. This results in more skin, faster with the same amount of resources.

1.4.3
Food type description changed from Seed back to OmnivoreHuman. Should fix the unable to eat bug.

1.4.4
Faction Icon path fixed.
updated to rimworld 1.0
Hairdefs are unique. Should stop the overwrite issue.

1.4.5
Commented out unused faction code.

1.4.6
Fixed overwriting MealBase. Oops.
updated versiontags


1.4.7
Updated to 1.1
Updated about.xml
PlayerFaction techlevel reduced to Spacer
Updated Backstories to use filters in prep for future updates
Removed slave as per vanilla changes

1.4.8
removed all traces of cloning to prepare for a big patch - sorry I just really wasn't happy with how it came out.


1.5 - Rebirth
updated weapon textures with masks and better coloring
Tweaked Enargo to grow faster with lower yeild and less work to sew and harvest as well as requiring at least 30% sunlight but growing full speed at 100% sunlight. It will now be plantable in all soils with the soil quality impacting the growth by 25%. This means, in fertile soil at peak daylight, it will grow at 110%. This also means you can technically grow indoors without sunlight, albeit at about 1/5th normal speed.
lowered comfortable range to be lower than humans overall. 
syntho can be slowed and put into a catatonic state by exposure to cold weather. A default syntho without any clothing will begin to hybernate ar 38F/3.3C. Optimal slow temp will be around 32F/0C. Be sure not to get frostbite!
updated fleshtype to use syntho variant
syntho can get age diseases again, as well as a new exclusive disease - Cellular Degeneration. It's brutal.
scenario starting meals changed from 152 to 62. With the enargo changes, you should be able to get a small harvest done before starving.
enargo provides 0.15 nutrition as a plant now
overcoat and bodysuit use <StuffEffectMultiplier> now so making things with insulating fabrics actually helps them work better.
updated bladed weapons to use stony too
fixed enargo paste stacklimit being 10 instead of 25
glitter guns have the Gun tag now and should spawn on raiders randomly.
updated research tab to be more in-line with vanilla UI
updated bulk recipies to match vanilla (x4)
added thin, hulk and fat variants for overcoat and bodysuit
Syntho can be thin and hulk now 
renamed overcoat to shawl
updated file structure to use version specific files.
added patch for Blood and Stains. It will load automatically if you have BnS.
added punk hairtag to syntho. Cant believe I missed that one.
removed hairs. If you want more than vanilla hair, use Rimsenal or Vanilla Expanded
added more backstories
added a new start scenario. It should be pretty hard. Let me know what you think.

1.5.1
Fixed footprint sizes for BnS. 
Updated BnS Patch to use the new method of coloring
added support for peglegs and wooden feet


1.5.2
updated for new skin gen and rimworld 1.2
todo: